# CS255-System-Analysis_and-Design
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
My client was DriverPass, the owner Liam wanted to fill a void in the market by training students for their driver's test. The system needs to run on a web-browser with preference for the cloud so he can access the information from anywhere. The system offers 3 packages to the customer that include on-the-road instruction with a qualified instructor and online classes and practice tests with all the updated relevant information from the DMV. The system tracks the student's progress and allows for instructors to leave notes for the students.  
What did you do particularly well?
I gathered all the information I needed to create the system and use that information to create diagrams to break down how the system needed to be designed. 
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would improve my UML Use Class Diagram. I would make it more readable for the client. I had some lines that crossed over each other and this can lead to some confusion and reduce understanding of what is being presented. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I used the DriverPass interview to interpret the user's needs and implement them into my system design. I used my experience in using online learning forums to help guide me through the process. I took into consideration what the company wanted and what they wanted their customers to achieve by using the system. I implemented the requirements and design ideas from the interview provided. It is very important to consider the user's needs when designing the system because if it isn't user friendly, appealing, useful, and provide the promised functions the company will lose business and the design would ultimately be a failure. 
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I approach designing software by thinking about how I personally would like to interact with the system. I focus on functionality, quality, and security. The techniques and strategies I would use is the future to analyze and design a system is to gather all the requirements for the system, how the client wants the system to function and what they hope to achieve as an end result. I would create reports and organize what needed to be completed first, followed by the next steps until the project is complete. Working out the bugs frequently and staying in communication with the client, stakeholders, and team. I would keep the user in mind because if it's not a feasible system to use than it won't go very far. 
